[music]
Bloomberg Audio Studios podcasts, radio,
news.
[music]
Hello and welcome to another episode of
the OddLots podcast. [music] I'm Tracy
Aloway
>> and I'm Joe Weisenthal.
>> Joe, it is the holiday season. I am very
much looking forward to it. One reason
I'm looking forward to it is because we
always do an annual Ask Us Anything
show.
>> Yeah. You know, I think uh I like that
in the podcast, you know, it's really
not about us. I mean, the show is about
what we're interested in, but it really
is about the uh the perfect guests, but
every once in a while, I suppose it's
nice to sort of have the microphone
turned in the other direction, so to
speak.
>> Yeah. The other thing I would say is
we're already pretty accessible. Um like
there's a whole thoughts discord that
that we're on. Um there's Twitter
obviously, there's instant messages on
IB and mostly we respond depending on
how busy we are. So um feel free to
contact us there too. But we did get
some pretty interesting questions from a
bunch of listeners.
>> Yeah. And I like the fact that we can
put in many cases listeners voices on
the air. bring back some of the oldtime
radio call-in shows, the likes of which
uh I used to listen to when I was a
young kid riding in the car with my dad.
>> Call-in shows are Lindy.
>> The call-in shows are definitely Lindy.
>> All right, shall we start?
>> Yeah, let's take a listen to some.
>> John Lazaro, age 63, Berkeley,
California. Sometimes when you finish
recording an episode, do you look at
each other and say, "This doesn't meet
our standards." and kill the episode. or
is it more like skiing? Once you commit
to riding the chairlift, you commit to
skiing down the mountain. [laughter]
>> Um, well, I I can't ski. I'm the only
Austrian in the world possibly who
cannot ski. Um, so I'm we have killed
episodes in the past. Um, in fact, there
there's kind of a funny story where we
did an episode, it really wasn't going
very well. Um, the guests seemed very
nervous and just sort of like not at his
top performance. And in the end after we
recorded, we told him, you know, we're
just going to kill this episode.
>> And he was actually really happy about
that cuz he felt he hadn't done his best
work either. And then the other thing I
would say is I actually think
journalists should kill a lot more
stories. We should be more selective.
And if you think about the German word
for reductor, reductor, it sounds a lot
like redact, right? which gives you, you
know, some sense of what editors are
supposed to be doing, which is taking
away as opposed to adding.
>> Yeah, it is very rare. Um, we have, I
mean, the number of episodes that we've
fully recorded that we uh actually did
not release. I think it's less than you
could count on one hand, right? It's not
that many, but there have been a few
just for whatever reason, the guest was
not on their game or whatever, it didn't
work. And uh I agree. I agree with
Tracy. I think we should do more in
general. I mean, I think journalists as
a whole should do more. It's like just
release the good stuff, you know? Just
release ones you're you're genuinely
proud of. I don't want to release
anything anywhere when I can't say I'm
really proud of this work. And normally
we are proud, but occasionally it's
like, you know what, this is uh this is
not awesome. All right, let's go on to
the next one. Thanks, Joe. Thanks,
Tracy. I was really inspired by Joe's
tweets on Moby Dick. So, this question
is for him.
What did you read after Moby Dick?
Thanks, guys.
>> Thanks for listening. Um, that's a very
easy one because I was such in such a
mood to keep uh after reading Moby Dick,
I didn't want to read anything besides
Moby Dick. I sort of just thought about
rereading it uh again, and I probably
will sometime the next year or two. But
because I was in uh that mood, I read um
a book by the historian writer CLR
James, who wrote a book about Moby Dick.
is a book called Miriners, Renegades,
and Castaways by CLR James. And it
basically made the argument that Herman
Melville with the Ahab character
specifically anticipated many of the
pathologies of the 20th century, the
rise of fascism, dictators, and so
forth. All of the crises of sort of
Western civilization that we experienced
in the 20th century. Fantastic book,
almost as good as Moby Dick itself.
>> Also, I've been recommending two books
to you. One of them is the heart of the
sea, which is about the um whale ship
Essex, which is the the ship that Moby
that actually inspired Moby Dick. And
then there's another one I'm reading
just now called A Marriage at Sea and
it's about uh a couple who are out, you
know, sailing around the world and their
ship gets destroyed by a whale and they
have to survive on like a little raft. I
actually don't know if they survive yet,
so I guess we'll find out. I I I promise
I will read both of those.
>> Both of them are excellent.
>> I promise I'll read both.
>> Let's hear the next question.
>> Hi gang, longtime listener here. My name
is Sturm. I'm 32 and I live in Puerto
Rico and I have a question for Joe. I
know you're an efficient markets guy,
but if EMH is true, how have portfolio
managers accumulated such vast wealth?
>> Uh, that's a really good question. I
wonder about why the financial system
overall exists. Why are people putting
targets on prices and why are there
pundits on TV and why is there financial
TV and why is there trading and so
forth? I still don't really know why the
answer of why anyone has made any money.
But my guess is that there are other
services that people in finance provide
other than highquality security
selection that whether it's like okay I
don't really like know how to manage
risk or whatever it is or I'm anxious
about the thought of investing all kinds
of things I guess you know there
probably are people who are able to
obtain information that maybe counts as
alpha it probably exists I don't know I
remain unsatisfied I've asked this
question myself I don't fully know the
answer but my guess my best guess
intuitively is that within this world
that we call finance there are things
that produce value other than sort of
you know making good trades and so forth
that maybe are harder to articulate and
so forth and thus they are providing a
valuable service on that front but I I
>> counseling your customers
>> you're counseling something I don't know
um
>> but I mean I would think Tracy I would
just add on to that like it it seems
just on the EMH stuff. Um, it seems on a
simplistic level, if EMH was real, you
would never get a bubble, right?
>> This is what Yeah.
>> And in fact, one of uh my favorite
moments on the podcast was when we
interviewed Eugene Fama, the the father
of the EMH um idea. And I think I got
him to say that like bubbles exist,
right? Which I was surprised.
>> Yeah, I know. They really they hate like
they really wrestle with like this is
their one thing they hate this
phenomenon. So they come up with all
this stuff. But um yeah um we will
continue asking the question of why why
do we exist? Why does financial media
and coverage and pundits and all this
stuff exist? We'll continue answering
this question in 2026. Maybe we'll have
an answer.
>> Only the big questions. Why are we here?
>> Why are we here?
>> All right, let's listen to the next
question.
Hi, I'm Max Netherman. I'm 19 and I live
in San Francisco.
Supposing that AI does end up being as
transformative as people claim, where do
you think the value that that creates
will acrue from their valuations and how
people talk about it, at least in SF, it
seems people expect the labs to capture
a massive chunk of that value. On the
other hand, the labs have never been
profitable. And even then, hardware
companies like Nvidia and TSMC seem to
trade at lower multiples despite being
near monopolies with very good margins.
So my question is this. When all things
are said and done, which parts of the
supply chain will be commoditized and
which will capture all the value?
>> Yeah, I think that's a very fair
question. Um, and I think, you know,
it's difficult to predict if tech at
some point is going to produce the or
invent the proverbial AI god, like this
thing that solves all of our problems. I
I would be a little bit skeptical of
that. It seems to me like it's going to
be a productivity improvement kind of at
the margin for now. So maybe you use it
instead of Google search. You can use it
to explain certain terms much more
quickly. Some industries are probably
going to use it to design new products.
I know there's a lot of excitement
around medicine. But where the value
will acrue,
I mean some of the big tech companies
are so expensive right now in the US. I
keep describing this as the coffee pod
theory of AI, which is some tech
companies are choosing to basically
produce the world's most expensive
sophisticated cappuccino machine and
they're saying that, you know, it
produces the best coffee that you've
ever had. And crucially, what they're
doing is targeting a market for this
machine. Let's say it costs like $2,000.
that's basically the entire world and
I'm I'm not sure that approach works.
And then you know some other companies
are taking a very different strategy and
they're producing something that's
relatively cheap and standardized sort
of like a coffee pod coffee maker uh and
it's much cheaper and again targeting
the total market of the world and you
know if you think about it that way I
kind of have a sense of of where it's
going.
I really have no idea. You know, the one
thing I'll say is I think there is this
view that okay, AI can replace human
labor and therefore lots of workers are
very vulnerable and therefore there is
going to be this tremendous like it will
be this very um uh a force of inequality
so to speak, right? So, it's going to be
there's going to be the model makers and
I think in this vision that the uh
you're asking about these model makers
and they're going to make a fortune and
the rest of us are going to have to like
get by on UBI or whatever because
they've put us all the models have put
us all out of work. And look, I think
that's possible. The one thing I'll say
though is that like the tech as a force
for like financial inequality, that's
already been the story. We don't even
need to talk about AI. With the existing
tech giants that we've seen that have
built over the last 15, 20 years out of
San Francisco, we've already seen this
incredible rush of sort of wealth and
income etc. to this fairly like small
you know this one industry this very
like um you know very small fairly small
concentration of software engineers and
executives and VCs and so forth. And as
such, I do wonder like could it be that
somehow it's like totally the opposite
that it goes in the other trajectory and
that really it's sort of like a force
for equality or something and that it
ends up being a situation in which
people where like capital itself is not
as valuable as it used to be. I don't
know. I just think we should possibly
consider the uh the idea that what
people are predicting that will happen
with AI is that what we is literally
just an extension of what we've already
seen and that to the extent that AI is
something new maybe that'll put us on a
new trajectory.
>> [music]
>> All right, let's take another question.
Hi Tracy and Joe. This is Jennifer 30
calling from Seattle. Long time first
time. This question is for Joe. Joe,
what drew you to your interest in
Chinese history, particularly its modern
era? Have you ever considered going more
back in time? I asked because I'm
Chinese American with parents who said
very little about their lives during the
Cultural Revolution and the8s when the
country started opening up. So, I often
learned through Joe's tweets and book
recommendations.
But I had also noticed in my last trip
to China that the one historical figure
cities pay the most homage to is not Mao
or Den Xiaoping but actually Sunyat Sun
who is the precursor to these leaders.
Thanks. Love the show as always.
>> So obviously we do a lot of contemporary
China episodes and it sort of seemed
like you know I should probably
understand a little bit more about um
the history. I started with the ancient
stuff. I was like oh I'm just going to
I'm just going to go back and I'm going
to read about the old dynasties and then
I'll get to the present. And I sort of
like I found it a little bit hard. It
wasn't grabbing my attention to ancient
stuff. But then I remembered a couple
years ago we did an episode with Adam
Posen at the Peterson Institute a couple
years ago at Jackson Hall and he had
just sort of mentioned offhand that he
had read Ezra Vogel's biography of Dong
Shopang and I was like, "Oh, maybe I'll
just start there. That seems like more
recent and tractable and I could sort of
slot that into my head into something."
Um, and I read that and I found it very
uh very compelling as uh Adam suggested
and I think that sort of set off like it
I think reading 20th century Chinese
history helps me to some extent
understand the present day. I've never
read a um Sununyatsen biography, but I'm
very interested in him. one of the rare
figures who is sort of revered in both
Taiwan and mainland and so therefore
someone who is an inspiration to both
the nationalists and the communists
which is kind of weird and he was like
sort of a for you know a an early
pioneer of land reform and so forth so
it I think maybe that'll be another
thing I aim to read in 2026 a good uh
sunet biography
>> I really like the older Chinese history
I read a really good book I can't
remember the title now but it was all
about uh the Chinese bureaucracy and
government system
how it used to be and you know one of
one of the most rigorous systems in the
world arguably you had to take this
insane test to get the position and I
remember I also did a bunch of research
uh around the sort of late 1800s early
1900s the fall of the imperial family
and what it means for debt markets that
was a really fun story
>> yeah I should go back and read read the
ancient stuff as well. Um, I'm going to
add that to the 2026 list.
>> Okay, let's take another question.
>> Hi Joe and Tracy, my name is Daniel
Best. I'm 26 years old and currently
based in New York where I'm doing my
masters at Colombian Financial
Economics. I'm a huge fan of the pod and
Spotify told me in the last year I was
in the top half% of listeners and maybe
now a first- time caller as well. My
question is this. You have such a wide
range of guests with very different
backgrounds and you cover an enormous
amount of information. How much of that
are you able to retain and naturally
call back in everyday conversations or
when you do follow-up episodes? And how
much do you rely on note-taking or
revisiting past episodes to connect your
ideas over time?
>> This is a really good question. This is
a sort of journalistic process question.
By the way, thank you for being in the
top top percentage of OddLots listeners.
We appreciate that.
>> Let's get coffee sometime.
>> Um, but going back to the question,
you know, it kind this is obvious, but
it kind of depends on the guest. And if
the guest says something memorable or
something that you really think is
insightful, I think we do retain some of
that information. I used to retain a lot
more when we were editing our own
transcripts and publishing them. Um, I
really value transcripts, but it was
just so much work and took forever, so
we stopped doing it. We're hoping to
come up with some sort of solution soon.
And the biggest compliment I can pay a
guest is saying that like I'm going to
go back and read the transcript because
there's so much knowledge there, so much
information. Um, I just have to absorb
all of it.
>> It was funny. Hey, I was at dinner the
other night with someone and I said to
them, "Have you ever actually learned
anything from listening to a podcast?"
Because I do sometimes wonder if I ever
remember anything. No, that's not
totally true. I do, but I also sometimes
wonder setting aside podcasts and uh
recall specific facts. I also have the
same thing with books. You know, we were
just talking about that uh Deng Shopang
biography. And if someone's like, "Oh,
Joe, you just spent three weeks of your
life reading a biography of Dung Shop.
What did you learn?" And I'd be like,
uh, he sort of opened up and for a while
he was sent down, um, to work on a
tractor factory and then he opened up
and I would be like, you know, there's
like I was like, oh, did I really need
to spend three weeks of my life to be
able to recall three or four basic
facts? I suppose that there are things
that I don't know that I remember in
like my deep storage part of my memory
that would be, you know, that would come
out in a uh, conversation. But I do
going back to questions of like why are
we all here and so forth. I do sometimes
have these thoughts of like do you know
how much how much do we really learn and
internalize and how much is it just fun
to have these conversations?
>> Sometimes we surprise ourselves though
right like sometimes we come up with
some random fact that's kind of
interesting that we learned from
somewhere. Uh just on the note
takingaking part of the question we
generally don't take notes um in the
interview. We might jot down like a word
or two just to remember to come back and
ask a follow-up question, but um yeah,
mostly it's it's a genuine conversation
between three people and we try to keep
it as natural as possible.
>> Hey Joe and Tracy, AJ Toss here. I'm 37
years old and I'm from Lafayette,
Louisiana. Go Cinjun. I have a question
for you about Bitcoin. You guys have
spoken about how the narrative around
Bitcoin changes every cycle. And so I'd
actually like to ask you to make a
prediction whether you think there will
be another cycle for Bitcoin where it
way outperforms everything else.
And
assuming that it does, uh what would the
narrative be this time? Thanks guys.
>> That is a really good question. So um
the narrative theory of Bitcoin is this
idea that because Bitcoin is essentially
nothing, it is able to transform itself
into anything. So we've seen it go
through these various cycles of
transformation, reinventing itself. You
know, in the beginning it was supposed
to be just a digital payment system and
there's the famous incident of the guy
that bought a pizza and [clears throat]
lost a lot of money that he otherwise
would have gained. And then it kind of,
you know, it turned into an inflation
hedge. More recently, it's turned into
um a Trump vehicle.
I actually had it I had an idea for a
narrative that comes next, but I'm
blanking out on it totally. I feel
really bad.
>> You'll tweet it if uh if you remember.
>> I'll tweet it. It was like two days ago
and I had this idea and sorry, I'm very
tired. It'll come back to you. It's the
end of a busy season.
>> It's been a It's been a busy season,
busy year. Look, I have no, you know, I
was like, "Oh, now I'm going to give the
official odd lots for Bitcoin price
target for 2026." No, I really have no
idea. I don't have any idea if it'll
outperform again. Um, you know, of
course, it has been pronounced dead
several times, many times over the
years. So, perhaps that's always a
reason to discount the idea of okay,
this time it's dead. That being said,
you know, look, like the I thought one
of the most compelling arguments that
had of the various narratives over time,
I thought one of the most said
compelling ones had been that it would
be sort of this, you know, post
sovereign money and therefore kind of
like a digital gold safe haven. It has
not been behaving like one in 2025. I
mean, this is one of the most volatile
years on memory from like a del
globalization, a geopolitical
standpoint. If you think there'd be one
year where it's like, okay, people want
some sort of money that is uh
disconnected from governments, maybe
this would be the year. Maybe they do,
but they're choosing for gold. They're
choosing the actual safe haven. Bitcoin,
meanwhile, has underperformed US
treasuries. So, the US treasuries, yet
another safe haven that is outperforming
Bitcoin in 2025. So, I really don't
know. But I do think that the poor
performance in in 2025
should be something of a concern. Again,
people have always said, "Oh, it's a
it's a tech stock hedge." Well, tech
stocks have had or a tech stock proxy.
Tech stocks have done great this year.
So, it hasn't even um it hasn't even
satisfied that requirement. And then the
last thing I'll say is that there is a
lot of I think legitimate enthusiasm
about crypto, particularly in the realm
of stable coins. getting back to maybe
the original ideas Tracy mentioned of a
payments platform, but all that is
happening on other chains besides
Bitcoin. And so even if crypto becomes
more of a thing in the financial system,
it's not obvious, but it's possible, but
it's certainly not obvious that Bitcoin
would see uh any benefit from it.
>> I do think though we shouldn't
underestimate Bitcoin's ability to
reinvent itself. And this actually took
me a long time to realize. And you know,
you mentioned the obituaries for crypto.
I I wrote some of those like I think in
2012 I wrote one. Um so
>> we've all learned our lesson.
>> May a culpa on that. We'll see what
happens.
All
right, let's take another question.
>> Hello, Joe and Tracy. This is Cynthia
from Vancouver, Canada. What is
something the market seems really
confident about that you think deserves
more questioning or more nuanced
discussion?
>> You know, uh first of all, thanks
Cynthia for uh calling in. The first
thing that comes to my mind is I have
been I wrote about this recently in the
OddLots newsletter. I am kind of
surprised about how well anchored
market-based expectations for inflation
have been because there is I think
pretty legitimate there's two things
going on. One is, you know, the Fed
hasn't missed its inflation target for
years and so there's perhaps reasons to
think that just already that the Fed
hasn't been as serious about 2% as it
had been before. But then also I do
think there are good reasons to think
that in the future the Fed will not have
the same capacity to target stable
prices the way it used to due to
politization due to the general um sort
of like populist trend in politics which
is not something distinct to the Trump
administration though certainly I think
the Trump administration has accelerated
that process with a lot of the criticism
of the uh the chairman and so forth and
so like I am a bit surprised urprised
that if you look at various market-based
measures of future inflation, 5year,
5year break evens and so forth that it
has been pretty stable because that
feels disconnected from the way that we
basically talk about this topic.
>> Mine is also related to inflation. I
think far more people need to figure out
how the CPI official numbers for
inflation are actually calculated and
produced. And you know ultimately a lot
of it is um a series of numbers that are
estimated. Those are called imputed
numbers. And a lot of them are actual
observations of prices which Bureau of
Labor Services people go out and
collect. It's actually a really
laborintensive
um thing to do and most people you know
they treat them like as a simplistic
number and I think it's much more
important to look at the different
components and actually we're we're
recording this on December 18th and
we're seeing a really good example of
why it's important to know how CPI is
actually calculated because you know the
number just came out much lower than
expected And it's interesting if you
start to break it down to see what
assumptions were made and what's
actually moving.
>> All right, for our next question, this
one was just written uh as opposed to an
audio note, but it's a really fun one
where Tracy and I kind of see the world
a little bit differently. So, we have a
chance to get into that. This question
comes from Diego Aguilar Connibel. He
asks, "Where did my intellectual beef
with the idea of the term premium
start?" And look, so this is something
that's come up. People talk about the
term premium in the uh in the yield
curve and I'm always like what exactly
does that mean? So you know the way like
I guess Tracy let's start with you. What
is the term premium? Like don't ask me.
I'm not going to define it. How do you
what is the term premium?
>> Uh it is basically the extra
compensation or premium that investors
demand to hold debt you know out longer
term.
>> Okay. So here's what I don't get. Why do
they deserve extra compensation? Why
don't they just deserve the appropriate
compensation? Like I buy stocks. Do I
Oh, I I deserve extra compensation
because they're risky. No, I I deserve
appropriate compensation. I deserve to
be compensated, I suppose. But I hate
this idea of like extra compensation. We
always want extra compensation. But then
also I guess my other issue is that like
I think if you knew if you if you had a
crystal ball and you knew for sure what
the Fed was going to do in every policy
meeting it would make for the next uh 10
years. You know there's 80 years of the
next 80 meetings if you knew what that
was going to be. I think you would know
the exact price that 10year yield should
trade at. And so I don't really
understand why we can't just say that
the yield curve is the market's
expectation of overnight rates for the
next 10 years.
>> Well, it's it's in comparison. So the
extra premium is in comparison to
shorter term bonds and there are some
calculations that go into that. I think
it's it's you know not the be all and
end all of the market but it's certainly
an interesting thing to look at and when
we get big moments in the term premiums
movement you know if it flips from
positive to negative um it it kind of
tells you a lot about where the market's
going. Okay, on this point though just
to press further there I think this is
really key which is so there right they
all everyone admits these are
unobservable right these are models
these are models that indicate what this
notional term premium is the fact that
it could flip to negative and it was
negative for much of the 2010s suggests
to me like that's another reason like I
don't understand how this idea that
there is um holders of long-term debt
per se need extra because extra
protection or whatever because
apparently they were actually getting a
discount on it if we go by uh the model
what the model said in the 2010s. So I
just find the whole thing I just find it
all very unsatisfying.
>> I would also say the term premium beef
uh we play it up a little bit for the
show. So for the show we hope you enjoy.
>> All right, this is going to be our final
question. Again, this one was written in
uh rather than a voice note. So here we
go. It is from Michael Khan. He asks a
non-markets question, more specifically
for for me, Tracy. What was your
favorite Magic the Gathering card and
what critical function did it serve in
your deck? Bonus question. If you and
Joe were a magic card, which ones would
you be? Um, that's a very fun question.
Okay, so my favorite was probably um my
Siobhan dragon. I like the idea of
dragons and it had really nice art and
at the time it was a really valuable and
powerful card. By the way, I don't know
if I'm pronouncing Siobhan right,
whether it's Siobhan or or Shyon. Like
we we didn't have a lot of pronunciation
guides when I was in middle school. And
I also just don't remember how people
were saying these things. It was like 30
years ago. And I say that just because
someone um someone on Twitter or Reddit
was criticizing me for not knowing that
a card that Joe mentioned was an actual
card. Yeah, I didn't know that. I
thought you were making it up. I mean,
it sounds like, you know, an obvious
magic card.
>> I know nothing at all about magic. I've
never played it. I really I just I don't
know how the game works, etc. All I only
remember one fact which is that one of
my good friends brother younger brother
in high school had a call called wall of
brimles. Actually this gets to like the
question about memorization. Who the
heck knows how that random fact got
stuck in my head or what's but this is I
hear magic. I just remember this card. I
just looked it up. It looks like this
card would cost somewhere between 25 and
30 cents. So I'm certainly not
memorizing it because it is a
particularly valuable or important card.
And then what role did the dragon play
in my deck? Um, I think I said this on
the podcast. I I really enjoyed the
collecting side of Magic the Gathering
more than I enjoyed actually playing it.
You know, there was some gender
imbalance at the time and it like
sometimes felt weird to, you know, go to
war with a bunch of guys. Um, but I
really enjoyed putting together the
decks and sort of strategizing and I
guess I didn't enjoy testing them out
that much. What would we be if we were
>> a card? Tracy, you got to you got to
answer this one.
>> If Odds or if us It says if you and Joe
were a magic card. Um, so give me a
second.
Um, okay. Uh, full disclosure, I just
asked chat GPT because this seems like a
kind of fun question. Um, and the AI
generated answer is we would be a blue
red legendary creature that rewards
drawing cards, talking about weird
market mechanics, and turning every
small data point into a big compounding
advantage. Um, I'm not sure how you
would incorporate discussions about
markets into a Magic the Gathering game,
but you know, it's nice to hear we could
be a dragon. I would say like maybe we
would be a Visuven Doppelganger. And I
say that partly because I'm I'm sort of
biased to the the older cards, the Ice
Age cards that came out in the the mid
'9s um for obvious reasons. And I think
the doppelganger, you know, they
obviously complement each other and
their actual power in the game from what
I remember is they can take on the
characteristics of any creature that's
actually in play or most of the
characteristics. And I think that's, you
know, that's kind of what we do. We try
to adapt right to every conversation to
get the best result.
>> That's right. I I also asked Chad GPT. I
don't really understand. I don't I don't
even understand its result. But then it
said why this works said Joe generates
flow motion liquidity
and Tracy imposes structure friction and
narrative discipline [laughter] which I
think many listeners would actually sort
of agree with. It's sort of it doesn't
sound totally off. So
>> that's not bad, but it's not a Magic the
Gathering.
>> No, no, no. I I don't even understand
like all this. I can't even I don't who
you are legend. I don't know what any of
this stuff is. Oh, I do have some good
news, which is uh remember I said that I
had lost all my Magic the Gathering
cards and I didn't know where they were.
Uh my mom actually found them in um her
basement. Uh they were sort of hidden
away. The bad news is I really don't
have any valuable ones. I still have the
Siobhan Dragon and I have one that was
signed by the artist, but that's about
it.
>> I'm surpris There's not one in there.
Like is there like an antiques road show
style show for Magic the Gathering
cards? Like maybe we could do an episode
like at some some guy in here some
dealer and like talk through the cards
or something like that. I would do that.
>> Yeah, that would be really fun.
>> Let's do that episode.
>> So this is the end of the AMA. Thank you
everyone for sending in all these great
questions. We had a lot of fun answering
them.
>> Yeah. And thank you everyone just for I
mean end of the year crazy year, great
year. So really thank you to everyone
who uh everyone who's listened
>> and yeah, we definitely hope you listen
in 2026 because we have some excellent
episodes coming up. So shall we leave it
there?
>> Let's leave it there.
>> This has been another episode of the Odd
Thoughts podcast. I'm Tracy Aloway. You
can follow me at Tracy.
>> And I'm Jill Weisenthal. You can follow
me at the stalwart. Definitely follow
our producers Carmen Rodriguez at Carmen
Arman, Dashel Bennett atbot, and Kaleb
Brooks at Kalebrooks. For more OddLots
content, go to bloomberg.com/odlots
for the daily newsletter and all of our
episodes. And you can chat about all of
these topics 247 in our Discord,
discord.gg/odlots.
>> And if you enjoy OddLots, if you want us
to go on a Antiques Road Show uh for
Magic the Gathering [music] cards, then
please leave us a positive review on
your favorite podcast platform. And
remember, if you are a Bloomberg
subscriber, you can listen to all of
[music] our episodes absolutely adree.
All you need to do is find the Bloomberg
channel on Apple Podcast and [music]
follow the instructions there. Thanks
for listening.
>> [music]